Goal: confirm Vercel's Node serverless runtime streams res.write 
end-to-end (chunked transfer encoding visible at the wire), or whether 
it buffers under the hood despite the Express interface. This is a 
prerequisite for the photo download endpoint design — if Vercel 
buffers, we hit response-size limits at scale.

Build a temporary diagnostic endpoint, deploy, test, then remove.

1. Add a temporary route to server/routes.ts (or a separate routes file 
   it imports) — only if reading routes.ts shows there's a clean place 
   to add it that won't conflict with existing routes:

   GET /api/__streaming-probe
   - Auth: skip (this is a diagnostic, not user-facing)
   - Headers:
     Content-Type: application/octet-stream
     Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="probe.bin"
     Cache-Control: no-store
   - Behavior: write 1 MB of zero bytes every 500ms, 5 chunks total 
     (5 MB total over ~2.5 seconds). Use res.write() and end with 
     res.end().

2. Push to main, wait for Vercel deploy.

3. Test with curl from terminal:
   curl --no-buffer -v https://app.field-view.com/api/__streaming-probe -o /tmp/probe.bin

   The --no-buffer flag is critical — it disables curl's own buffering 
   so we see chunks as they arrive on the wire.

4. What to look for in the curl output:
   - "Transfer-Encoding: chunked" in the response headers (definitive 
     streaming confirmation)
   - In verbose output, the bytes arriving in chunks over ~2.5 seconds 
     rather than a single dump at the end
   - File size 5,242,880 (5 MB exact)

5. Three possible outcomes:
   (a) chunked encoding + bytes arriving over 2.5s → STREAMING WORKS, 
       proceed with archiver-based download endpoint
   (b) Content-Length present (not chunked) + all bytes arriving at end 
       after 2.5s wait → Vercel is buffering, hard pivot needed
   (c) Connection terminates with error (timeout, response-size limit, 
       OOM) → also buffering / size-limited, hard pivot needed

6. After test: revert the probe route in a follow-up commit. Don't leave 
   diagnostic endpoints in production.

Report back with: curl output (headers + timing), and which of (a), (b), 
(c) you got. Do NOT implement the actual download endpoint yet.